[docs-356] Add FAQ that the tableList is using full path rather than table name in datastream API (#634)
ververica/flink-cdc-connectors: docs/content/connectors/mysql-cdc.md

ALTER USER 'username'@'localhost' IDENTIFIED WITH mysql_native_password BY 'password';
FLUSH PRIVILEGES;
```

> #### Q5: How to config tableList when we build mysql-cdc source in datastream API?
> 
> The tableList is using full path rather than table name in datastream API. For mysql-cdc, the tableList is like 'my_db.my_table'.
> 
> #### Q6: How to config mysql server timezone in DataStream API?
> 
> User who use DataStream API should deal the timezone in their custom deserializer like RowDataDebeziumDeserializeSchema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Q5: How to config `tableList` option when build MySQL CDC source in DataStream API?

The `tableList` option uses table name with database name rather than table name in DataStream API. For MySQL CDC source, the `tableList` option value should  like 'my_db.my_table'.

#### Q6: How to config MySQL server timezone in DataStream API?

The timezone of MySQL server influences the TIMESTAMP column data in its binlog file, thus we need to consider the MySQL server timezone when deal TIMESTAMP column data. You can refer `com.ververica.cdc.debezium.table.RowDataDebeziumDeserializeSchema` as an example  when you define your custom deserializer to deal original data.
```
